hey you need laser eye surgery just
brigade is on Patrol I'm gonna get you
in the arrow people live there what are
you doing for library Oh fly there
please but I bet what are you doing fly
back please hmm the Scorpions on
runescape two more damage since come on
Oh ladies and gentlemen what you're
about to witness is the only compliments
that Pedro is ever going to give me in
my entire life nice dogs yeah you're
getting better at this nope nope nope
nope
Jason what this little thing about not
standing in Cassie obvious poison you
should probably not be there and she
fucking stunned me you quim you want me
to do and stun yourself I'll get right
on that silly me bitch good night oh
wait there is a void stuck with each
other what slacker Pony chili all right
going bitch straight out of Compton Oh
Chekov just my rap oh shit shit shit
stars really hoping a little cool I was
I know you were you were fucking rooting
for them as all but stopped fucking
point polar bears and save me save me
save me I love Jesus Christ pray to God
for tidiness christ almighty 420 save
Jesus Lord and Savior both you oh baby
Jesus for 24 salvo holla Jesus Moses of
your hairy son Jesus Moses Moses Jesus
on your shitty mountain fucking play
with the seventh oh yes my faith was not
strong enough Oh Judith Elijah
you